OSDOCS-2467: Creates a list of the SRE-supported services. (#36468)
openshift/openshift-docs: osd_policy/osd-supported-services.adoc

[id="osd-supported-services"]
= {product-title} supported services
include::modules/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: osd-supported-services

toc::[]

[id="osd-supported-services-overview"]
= Overview

The following YAML file covers all of the services supported by Service Reliability Engineers (SRE).

> == List of supported services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Full list of managed resources
```

[id="osd-supported-services"]
= {product-title} supported services
include::modules/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: osd-supported-services

toc::[]

[id="osd-supported-services-overview"]
= Overview

The following YAML file covers all of the services supported by Service Reliability Engineers (SRE).

== Full list of managed resources

[source,yaml]
----
include::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift/managed-cluster-config/master/resources/managed/all-osd-resources.yaml[]
----

== List of supported addon services

[source,yaml]
----
include::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift/managed-cluster-config/master/resources/addons-namespaces/main.yaml[]
----

> == List of supported webhooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Objects protected by validating webhooks
```

[id="osd-supported-services"]
= {product-title} supported services
include::modules/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: osd-supported-services

toc::[]

[id="osd-supported-services-overview"]
= Overview

> The following YAML file covers all of the services supported by Service Reliability Engineers (SRE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following contents file covers all resources managed by Service Reliability Engineers (SRE). Customers should not attempt to modify these resources.
```

> The following contents file covers all resources managed by Service Reliability Engineers (SRE). Customers should not attempt to modify these resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following content covers all resources managed by the Service Reliability Engineering Platform (SRE-P) Team. Customers should not attempt to modify these resources.
```
